Changes in rollup example for beta (#55)
stripe/connect-js: examples/rollup/README.md

```
Run 
yarn install # installs all packages
yarn start # runs rollup to compile and starts the server
```

3. Go to [http://localhost:4242/index.html](http://localhost:4242/index.html)

Note: if you are doing local development, you can use yalc to test local changes

> 1. yalc add @stripe/connect-js # in this sample
> 2. yarn build && yalc push #from connect-js after you've made changes 

Reviewer: I think this isn't accurate, these sound more correct to me. Can you `yalc add` without `yalc publish` first?

```suggestion
1. yarn build # from the root of this repository
1. yalc publish # from the root of this repository
2. yalc add @stripe/connect-js # in this sample
3. Repeat this process whenever there are any changes to the package
```
